Deprecate annotation driver (#10098)
doctrine/doctrine2: UPGRADE.md

# Upgrade to 2.14

## Deprecated annotation mapping driver.

> You should switch to one of the other mapping drivers.

Reviewer: This deprecation will affect a lot of projects out there. Let's try to be as helpful as possible.

```suggestion
Please switch to one of the other mapping drivers. Native attributes which PHP
supports since version 8.0 are probably your best option.
```
